1. Questions Michelle
	1. I have a CT commute tomrrow. Do you need a resupply of Perkatory covfefe?
	2. My work anniversary was October 3. Oops.
	3. Does your neck feel any better? Where there any recommendations AJ, or did it *magically* feel better today, by chance?
2. Meeting Elsie
	1. coming back from my run, she and her cat, Levi, were clicker-training in the hallway near my door.
	2. she was very friendly, and asked if I just got back from a run
		1. "you look tired"
	4. we talked for a moment, and I asked if she was new to the building. Something like, "oh, I haven't seen you before."
		5. "Yeah, are you new to the building?"
		6. "No, I moved in last December. Are you?" 
		7. "Oh, no, I was last November."
	6. we shared some thoughts about out units, which coincidentally both have a skylight, and then she mentioned that she'll be moving to one of the front-facing ones with a window soon.
		1. also mentioned she's unit 76
	7. she mentioned that her cat is named after a character from an anime she likes. "oh, attack on titan," I said. "Yes! You are the first person to get it!"
	8. we spend a few minutes talking, since I wasn't confidently familiar with clicker-training, and then I said that I'd been looking at the cat adoption options online recently. I asked about the process, and she explained that it was super easy. Recommended the Mohawk Humane Society
	9. I mentioned that I generally liked the idea of a cat because of its relatively low maintenance. She agreed, and then said something about "my dad asked if I'm going to have kids, and I was like, 'in this economy?!'"
		1. that bit seemed exceptionally personal
	10. The discussion was moving a bit quickly, I seem to remember that she "oh, do you have instagram?" I think the context was about reaching out about cat questions and the adoption process. 
	11. I asked for a moment to grab my phone, and swiped into my unit. Came back out to the hallway and continued the conversation for a few more minutes. 
	12. The we parted ways a few minutes later, on a positive note, and she walked down the hallway one way, I the other, and the cat watched in confusion and tried to figure out which way to go.
3.